feat(annotator): add scaffolder action for version templates and entities (#4022)
backstage/community-plugins: workspaces/scaffolder-backend-module-annotator/plugins/scaffolder-backend-module-annotator/README.md

### Available custom actions

| Action                     |                                               Description                                               |
| -------------------------- | :-----------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------: |
| `catalog:timestamping`     |   Adds the `backstage.io/createdAt` annotation containing the current timestamp to your entity object   |
| `catalog:scaffolded-from`  |           Adds `scaffoldedFrom` spec containing the template entityRef to your entity object            |
| `catalog:annotate`         | Allows you to annotate your entity object with specified label(s), annotation(s) and spec property(ies) |

> | `catalog:template:version` |                Allows you to annotate the version of your template to your entity object                |

Reviewer: This is a nitpick. I recommend adding here information about what annotation is exactly added, something like:
```suggestion
| `catalog:template:version` |                Adds the `backstage.io/template-version` annotation containing the version of your template to your entity object            |
```

    }
// highlight-add-end
```

## Software Template Versioning

> This section explains how to version your software templates using the preloaded custom actions `catalog:scaffolded-from` and `catalog:template:version` within the scaffolder backend module. But using the actions together, you can both track the version of your scaffolder template and the corresponding version of the entities created from it, facilitating better lifecycle management.

Reviewer 2: nit, is this a typo?
```suggestion
This section explains how to version your software templates using the preloaded custom actions `catalog:scaffolded-from` and `catalog:template:version` within the scaffolder backend module. By using the actions together, you can both track the version of your scaffolder template and the corresponding version of the entities created from it, facilitating better lifecycle management.
```
